appen Inga turtle she's left the
surrounding forests behind and is making
her way into the heart of this desert
walking for days beneath the burning Sun
[Music]
each step on the softs and sapping away
a precious energy
[Music]
without food and water she won't survive
for long
[Music]
but she's made this journey for a reason
it's the wet season
and in these dunes the rain changes
everything
[Music]
only from space can we see the scale of
the transformation once a year rain
water floods the desert
[Music]
forming thousands of freshwater lagoons
beneath the sand a layer of solid rock
stops rainwater escaping
[Music]
creating a landscape like nowhere else
on earth
you